feat(js): Add docs for `disableInstrumentationWarnings` (#13667)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/configuration/options.mdx

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="disableInstrumentationWarnings" type='boolean' defaultValue='false' categorySupported={['server']}>

Depending on your setup, the Sentry SDK will try to detect if it has been incorrectly set up. This can result in warnings like this being logged:

> [Sentry] < libraryName > is not instrumented. This is likely because you required/imported < libraryName > before calling `Sentry.init()`.

Or

> [Sentry] < libraryName > is not instrumented. Please make sure to initialize Sentry in a separate file that you \`--import\` when running node, see: < docs link >.

> This means that the SDK detected the library to not have been wrapped for auto performance instrumentation. This may result in some spans not being correctly reported. If this is not affecting you (e.g. because the warning is a false positive or you do not care about these specific spans), you can disable this warning by setting this option to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means the SDK detected that the library hasn’t been wrapped for automatic performance instrumentation. This may result in some spans not being reported correctly. If this is not affecting you (for example because the warning is a false positive or you do not care about these specific spans), you can disable this warning by setting this option to `true`.
```
